Status update 2022-05-09 (#52)
puppetlabs/content-and-tooling-team: content/blog/updates/2022-05-09-status-update.md

---
author: "david22swan"
categories:
  - updates
date: "2022-05-09"
blog_tags:
- status
- prm
- community
- releases
- shoutouts
- social
title: "2022-05-09: Content & Tooling Team Status Update"
---

## Welcome Back

Hello and welcome back, this is the first of what should be many more weekly status updates going forward!

I know it has been quite some time since the last one was made, but with all the changes that the team has gone through, from a near complete change of members to be given a brand new name, we just have not been in a place to get this out.

> For more information on the various changes that we have gone through please take a look at our previous blog which introduced the team as it is now, which you can fine just through [here!](https://puppetlabs.github.io/content-and-tooling-team/blog/posts/team-rebrand/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the various changes that we have gone through please take a look at our previous blog which introduced the team as it is now, which you can find just through [here!](https://puppetlabs.github.io/content-and-tooling-team/blog/posts/team-rebrand/)
```

Anyway onto the real reason your here, the updates:

## PRM 0.2.0

As you may have noticed from the blog release that just went out we have just made a new release of PRM, the Puppet Runtime Manager!

While I'm not going to write to much about it here as it has an entire blog post to itself I will encourage everyone to take a look when they can and put out a big thanks to team intern [Peter Murphy][petergmurphy]! Without who this release would never have happened.

> Anyway that's enough from me, for more information ont the release please find the previously mentioned blog [through here!](https://puppetlabs.github.io/content-and-tooling-team/blog/posts/prm-0-2-0-release/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyway that's enough from me, for more information on the release please find the previously mentioned blog [through here!](https://puppetlabs.github.io/content-and-tooling-team/blog/posts/prm-0-2-0-release/)
```

## Community Contributions

> We'd like to thank the following people in the Puppet Community for their contributions over this past week:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'd like to thank the following people in the Puppet Community for their contributions since our last update:
```
